Update index.md (#1099)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/security/authentication/active-directory/index.md

:::hint
**Domain user required during setup**
When setting AD Authentication, either via the Octopus setup wizard or running the commands outlined below to switch to AD authentication mode, make sure you are signed in to Windows as a domain user. If you are signed in as a local user account on the machine (a non-domain user) you won't be able to query Active Directory, so setup will fail.
:::

## Active Directory Sign-In options {#ActiveDirectoryauthentication-ActiveDirectorysigninoptions}
If you are using Active Directory Authentication with Octopus, there are two ways to sign in.

1. Integrated authentication
2. Forms-based

## Authentication Schemes
By default, Active Directory Authentication will use NTLM as the Authentication Scheme. In many circumstances, you can also configure Octopus to use Kerberos for authentication. 

## Integrated authentication {#ActiveDirectoryauthentication-Integratedauthentication}
The easiest way to sign in when using Active Directory is to use Integrated Authentication. 
This allows a one-click option to *Sign in with a domain account* as pictured below.

![Login Screen](images/ad-integrated.png "width=500")

> This will instruct the Octopus Server to issue a browser challenge. NTLM Authentication usually doesn't require much configuration except for allowing NTLM to be used in your network. This is usually on by default.

Reviewer: I like that we're giving some thought to default behaviour as that lays out the 'happy path' for the user.

One thing that stood out here is that using words like `usually` leave the reader wondering what the edge cases are. Are there situations where I will need to provide a lot of configuration to make NTLM work? I suspect that there isn't so there is possibly unneeded ambiguity here. 

Please consider removing `usually` if NTLM is the default behaviour, or providing a little more detail around those instances where it isn't.

```suggestion
This will instruct the Octopus Server to issue a browser challenge. NTLM Authentication doesn't require much configuration except for allowing NTLM to be used in your network. This is on by default.
```

### Kerberos vs NTLM security for AD Authentication {#ActiveDirectoryAuthentication-NTLMvKerberos}

> It is possible to use explicitly select either `NTLM`, `Negotiate` or `IntegratedWindowsAuthentication` authentication for Active Directory authentication. Using `Negotiate` or `IntegratedWindowsAuthentication` will use Kerberos authentication. In some cases this may result in `NTLM` connections based on the nature of the connecting client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to explicitly select either `NTLM`, `Negotiate` or `IntegratedWindowsAuthentication` authentication for Active Directory authentication. Using `Negotiate` or `IntegratedWindowsAuthentication` will use Kerberos authentication. In some cases this may result in `NTLM` connections based on the nature of the connecting client.
```

This table describes the options you can choose in Octopus, and the protocols that may be used to authenticate your users as a result.

|     Octopus Option              |    Protocols Used     |
|---------------------------------|-----------------------|
| NTLM                            |         NTLM          |
| Negotiate                       |      Kerberos, NTLM   |
| IntegratedWindowsAuthentication |      Kerberos, NTLM   |

Without some additional configuration, AD authentication, whether forms-based or integrated, will usually fail to negotiate the use of `kerberos` authentication and instead choose `NTLM`.

### Supported Setups for Active Directory Authentication {#ActiveDirectoryAuthentication-SupportedAuthentication}

> Octopus Deploy supports various options for Active directory Authentication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Octopus Deploy supports various options for Active Directory Authentication.
```

:::hint

> Not all high availability and Active Directory configurations are supported. There are limitations on use of Kerberos in high availability scenarios. This is due to a requirement to [use a machine level SPN in order to allow kerberos to work](#ActiveDirectoryAuthentication-ConfiguringKerberos) with our web server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Not all high availability and Active Directory configurations are supported. There are limitations on the use of Kerberos in high availability scenarios. This is due to a requirement to [use a machine level SPN in order to allow Kerberos to work](#ActiveDirectoryAuthentication-ConfiguringKerberos) with our web server.
```

:::

|     Octopus Option              | Single Octopus Server | High-Availability |
|---------------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------|
| NTLM                            |         Yes           |       Yes         |
| Negotiate                       |         Yes           |       No          |
| IntegratedWindowsAuthentication |         Yes           |       No          |

:::hint
 **Service Accounts and Kerberos**

> From Octopus version 2020.1.0 onwards, an upgrade to .Net Core 3.1 and usage of the HTTP.sys library, the Octopus Deploy Service running with Domain Service Account credentials, does not have ability to read the HttpContext.User.Identity.Name property which is used for kerberos authentication. There will be a requirement to run the Octopus Deploy Service as Local System in order to allow for kerberos to succesfully Authenticate. You can read more about this here: https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/Issues/issues/6602

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From Octopus version 2020.1.0 and above, an upgrade to .Net Core 3.1 and usage of the HTTP.sys library, the Octopus Deploy Service running with Domain Service Account credentials, does not have the ability to read the HttpContext.User.Identity.Name property which is used for Kerberos authentication. There is a requirement to run the Octopus Deploy Service as Local System in order to allow for Kerberos to successfully Authenticate. You can read more about this here: https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/Issues/issues/6602
```

:::

### Configuring Kerberos Authentication for Active Directory {#ActiveDirectoryAuthentication-ConfiguringKerberos}

Here's a simple checklist to help you on your way to allowing Kerberos Authentication.

> 1. Change the Authentication Scheme 
> 2. Set the Octopus Deploy HTTP/S Bindings to use a Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) or NETBIOS name as per your usage
> 3. Add the Octopus Deploy URL to the list of Trusted Sites

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Change the Authentication Scheme.
2. Set the Octopus Deploy HTTP/S Bindings to use a Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) or NETBIOS name as per your usage.
3. Add the Octopus Deploy URL to the list of Trusted Sites.
```

> 4. Allow Automatic logon via browser
> 5. Set the appropriate SPNs
> 6. Enable AES256 encryption for Kerberos tickets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Allow Automatic logon via a browser.
5. Set the appropriate SPNs.
6. Enable AES256 encryption for Kerberos tickets.
```

Without some additional configuration, AD authentication, whether forms-based or integrated, will usually fail on `kerberos` authentication and failback to `NTLM`.

### Supported Setups for Active Directory Authentication {#ActiveDirectoryAuthentication-SupportedAuthentication}

|                                 | Single Octopus Server | High-Availability |
|---------------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------|
| NTLM                            |         NTLM          |       NTLM        |
| Negotiate                       |      Kerberos/NTLM    |       NTLM        |
| IntegratedWindowsAuthentication |       Kerberos        |       NTLM        |

> :::hint

Reviewer: Nicely put!

> here will be a requirement to run the Octopus Deploy Service as Local System in order to allow for kerberos to succesfully Authenticate.

I could be mistaken but I thought it was a case of requiring Local System or a machine SPN + service account?

Author: Yes and no. I would like to get the Repro sorted and tested then revisit this section because the last thing I wanted to do was have some overly confusing instruction. An overly exaggerated example:

_...will either require the use of the Octopus Deploy Service running as a Local System account, in order for Kerberos to Successfully authenticate except in the case of a HA environment where running the OD service as a Local System Accounts setup with server SPNs will still result in duplicate SPNs causing kerberos to fail, so in HA environments it is recommended to use multiple service accounts for the OD service and combining them within a KeyTab file that will be registered as a new SPN tied to the FQDN or NetBios name depending on your setup. Otherwise you can fallback to NTLM._

Please, if you can think of what to put here initially until we confirm each scenario, that'd be great. (hopefully will have this section nailed down by this afternoon.)

Reviewer: No probs @danefalvo - having a think

Reviewer: Hey @danefalvo I took the liberty of testing that out and making some changes based on what I saw

 **Service Accounts and Kerberos**
From Octopus version 2020.1.0 onwards, an upgrade to .Net Core 3.1 and usage of the HTTP.sys library, the Octopus Deploy Service running with Domain Service Account credentials, does not have ability to read the HttpContext.User.Identity.Name property which is used for kerberos authentication. There will be a requirement to run the Octopus Deploy Service as Local System in order to allow for kerberos to succesfully Authenticate. You can read more about this here: https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/Issues/issues/6602
:::

### Configuring Kerberos Authentication for Active Directory {#ActiveDirectoryAuthentication-ConfiguringKerberos}

Here's a simple checklist to help you on your way to allowing Kerberos Authentication.

> 1. Change Authentication Scheme 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change the Authentication Scheme 
```

> 2. Set Octopus Deploy Bindings to use FQDN or NETbios name as per your usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the Octopus Deploy HTTP/S Bindings to use a Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) or NETBIOS name as per your usage
```

> 3. Add the Octopus Deploy URL to the list of Trusted Sites

Reviewer: > the list of Trusted Sites

Where is that? In each end users browser, or some other configuration area?

Author: All of these will have links to the appropriate sections (and perhaps links from the appropriate section back to the checklist) when I'm completely done with it.

The Trusted sites documentation so far: 
https://octopus.com/docs/security/authentication/active-directory#ActiveDirectoryAuthentication-AddingtrustedSitesviaGPO

Reviewer: Ah Ok - nice - sounds like you have it handled :+1:

4. Allow Automatic logon via browser

> 5. Set Appropriate SPNs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Set the appropriate SPNs
```

:::note
**HA Clusters**

> If you are running a HA Octopus Deploy environment, kerberos authentication is not currently supported. Please refer to our section on [Supported Setups for Active Directory Authentication](#ActiveDirectoryAuthentication-SupportedAuthentication)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are running a HA Octopus Deploy environment, Kerberos authentication is not currently supported. Please refer to our section on [Supported Setups for Active Directory Authentication](#ActiveDirectoryAuthentication-SupportedAuthentication)
```
